Okay, last stop of the day. Pipe adhesive and deck
stain.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, excuse me. Uh, I need to find pipe adhesive.
Do you know where that is? Uh, can't really help
you out with that, but I'm sure you can find
somebody down in aisle four to help you.
Excuse me. Do you know where I can find pipe
adhesive? Yeah, just over there on the shelf. Oh, okay.
So just...
Hey, can you uh-- Hey, guys, uh...
Hello? Hi. Hey, I need to restain my deck. I
was wondering if you could help me. Sure. I hear
that stuff over there is pretty good.
Okay. Well, I, I haven't done this before. So is,
is there anything you can recommend? Have you used a
paintbrush before? Yeah, of course. Well, then that's all you
need to know.
Oh,
brushes. I forgot brushes. Hey, excuse me. Excuse me?
Are your brushes in the paint department, or are they...
Hello? Or is it okay if I just use a
brush from home, an old one? You're doing a deck?
Yeah, I'm doing a deck. Yeah, you should be fine.
You're good. You know what? Just forget it. Just forget
this.
Ridiculous. Ugh. You know what? I
gotta tell somebody about this. This place is a joke.